# 01/10/2019

## What happened?
* Renew visa
* Sort out house loan
* Prepare for new project

## How you feel?
* Generally happy, albeit not making as much progress as I would like

## What have you learn?
* Use python csv-diff to diff 2 csv, dont use the `go` one, not working
* `cut` command can be used to drop columns in csv
* Slow pace workout isn't better than fast pace for muscle growth, use fast pace next time

# 02-08/10/2019
## What happened?
Attended a training in London for public speaking in tech, worked in London office for a day

## How you feel?
I am moving on to next team, learned something and felt relaxed

## What have you learn?
* To measure a software team, we can use velocity, cost and business value derived
* Giving talks is about audience, decision should be made by evaluating how it benefits audience
* MVar deadlock is easy to happen, hard to figure out
* One to one is to exchange information in a safe place
* Tail rec monadic recursion is less flexible
* Use your eye to find positive :)
* Do not neglect any sign of issues, I think this is a psychology problem though, it is easier to focus on any tiny issue if one is relaxed and have slack time
* Random thoughts: to build autonomous, self-sustain team, we need clear mission, motivated individual, useful metric, clear responsibility sphere and optionally a set of technical values

# 09-14 / 10 / 2019

## What happened?
Started new project, nothing much right now

## How you feel?
A bit lost of direction as it is not clear what should I be focusing on, I decided to start planning for new work

## What have you learn?
* Fix is a formula where Fix(f) = f(Fix(f)), it applies to any kind of morphism, noted as f here, and we can replace `Fix(f)` repeatedly and get `fffffffffff(Fix(f))`, by definition, `Fix` might not terminate, in practice, it relies on `f` being a sum that some times terminate, eg. f is x => x+1 **OR** x => 0, then it will terminates when we use `x => 0` as `f`   
* Fix is only needed because type system does not support it natively, or else all we need is `type FR[A] = FR[F[A]] || F[A]` and we can get rid of `Fix` 
* Free is a generalization of `Fix`, defined as
``` 
  data Free f a  =
    | Pure a
    | f Free f a
```
I said it is a generalization, because it can represent `Fix` if we make `a` as `Nothing`, this way we cannot construct `Pure`. 
`Pure` act as a 1st class terminator, which in Fix will have to depends on `F` to terminate. One big difference between `Free` and `Fix` is that while `Fix` can implement `unfix`, `Free` cannot implement `unfix` generally because not every `Free` has an inner `f Free f a`, we cannot extract a functor out of `Pure` 

For more read [this question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17307416/difference-between-free-monads-and-fixpoints-of-functors)

* Cofree is another variant of Fix, the difference is that every recursive layer produce a value, a consequence is that while Cofree can implement unfix, it cannot implement embed/fix, ie. given a `f Cofree f a`, it cannot generally produce a `Cofree f a` without extra data, as we need an `a` 

```
data Cofree f a = (a, f(Cofree f a)) 
``` 
[Recursive type reading](https://jtobin.io/tour-of-some-recursive-types)

# 15 - 26/11/2019
## What happened?
I moved to a new team, starting fresh, sorted out my visa, waiting to sort out my SPA

## How you feel?
So far so good, progress is a bit behind but it is understandable.

## What have you learn?
* running docker inside docker inside jenkins is a pain, 
* I dont like Jenkins because it heavily relies on plugin which on average isn't documented properly
* Terraform is reasonably neat, there's some state but it can be stored anywhere
* aws-cli automatically assume role but aws-sdk does not, so there's a mismatch in terms of feature, somebody must have made it work?
