# 1-26 /8/ 2019

## What happened?
Terrible month, fighting for D23 launch, requirement changes all the time, design changes all the time, mood swing happen more frequently on me

## How you feel?
There are moments when I hate my job, I am learning to keep a distance with it to keep sanity

## What have you learn?
* Clear expectation is important for a team to success, if there are things that isn't clear, we should be upfront and tell everyone that it is expected to be flux because we haven't figure things out, and there need to be someone accountable to get it sorted
* I should not be too attached to work, especially when things aren't going in a way I like, it is more important for me to improve than to work my ass off for people that dont care about me
* sbt jvm remote debugging does not work on Forked JVM
* Contravariant is useful when you want to extract information on input type instead of return type (in contrast with Functor)
* Raft cluster membership is not trivial as I thought, treating cluster membership as part of the replicated state is problematic, because Raft assumes that **semantic of replicated state is not impacted by when a log is applied**, it only cares about if a log is replicated in a quorum, and consequently if the log is committed at Leader, a log can be committed and stay unapplied for a good amount of time. This is fine for normal state, but not for membership (or more generally any information that affect Raft's control flow), a cluster can get into a state where some of the followers have not applied the latest cluster memship change and thus incorrectly form a quorum, eg. real cluster contains node 1,3,4, but 3 is slow to apply config change and still think cluster contains 1,2,3, and forms a quorum with 2 (which should be removed). One **possible** way to solve this problem is to force nodes to apply latest config change before participating any other config change and election. 


# 27 /8/ 2019
## What happened?
Nothing much

## How you feel?
More relaxed, thank god

## What have you learn?
* I learned 2 more ways to perform model checking
   - Build a lineage graph with validation, which compute possible path based on what happened, example, given a program that performs OpA, OpB, OpC in sequence, we compute a state graph like this
        If OpA succeeded, then OpB is allowed to have these X paths
        If OpA failed, then OpB is allowed to have these Y path
   - Implement an in memory version of the abstract machine you're testing, then update the abstract state machine according to the response of the actual test, but I am not sure how to model multiple possibility in such model, as distributed system can timeout, which creates a fork in your model, ie. It either work or didn't, we dont know 
* NP Problem is Non-deterministic polynomial problem, it is a formal specification for problems that can be solve in polynomial time (relative to input size) on a Non-deterministic Turing Machine, a Non-deterministic Turing Machine is an imaginery machine where every computation can have multiple outcome and thus the result is non-deterministic. Informally, NP Problem can be solved by conventional computer in exponential time.
* 
