# 01/10/2019

## What happened?
* Renew visa
* Sort out house loan
* Prepare for new project

## How you feel?
* Generally happy, albeit not making as much progress as I would like

## What have you learn?
* Use python csv-diff to diff 2 csv, dont use the `go` one, not working
* `cut` command can be used to drop columns in csv
* Slow pace workout isn't better than fast pace for muscle growth, use fast pace next time

# 02-08/10/2019
## What happened?
Attended a training in London for public speaking in tech, worked in London office for a day

## How you feel?
I am moving on to next team, learned something and felt relaxed

## What have you learn?
* To measure a software team, we can use velocity, cost and business value derived
* Giving talks is about audience, decision should be made by evaluating how it benefits audience
* MVar deadlock is easy to happen, hard to figure out
* One to one is to exchange information in a safe place
* Tail rec monadic recursion is less flexible
* Use your eye to find positive :)
* Do not neglect any sign of issues, I think this is a psychology problem though, it is easier to focus on any tiny issue if one is relaxed and have slack time
* Random thoughts: to build autonomous, self-sustain team, we need clear mission, motivated individual, useful metric, clear responsibility sphere and optionally a set of technical values

# 09-14 / 10 / 2019

## What happened?
Started new project, nothing much right now

## How you feel?
A bit lost of direction as it is not clear what should I be focusing on, I decided to start planning for new work

## What have you learn?
* Fix is a formula where Fix(f) = f(Fix(f)), it applies to any kind of morphism, noted as f here, and we can replace `Fix(f)` repeatedly and get `fffffffffff(Fix(f))`, by definition, `Fix` might not terminate, in practice, it relies on `f` being a sum that some times terminate, eg. f is x => x+1 **OR** x => 0, then it will terminates when we use `x => 0` as `f`   
* Free is a generalization of `Fix`, defined as 
  Free f a  
  - Pure a
  - f Free f a
